-
- Hey, kids, I've got a lot
going on in my life right now.
What are these "emergencies"?
Make it quick.
- I've had explosive diarrhea
all morning,
and I'm crapping
all over the school.
- Not touching that.
Next.
- I got stung by a bee,
and I can't feel my tongue.
- Gonna stop ya right there.
Those are all
really complex ailments.
Tom, what's wrong with you?
- You know,
I feel kind of sluggish.
I can't tell if it's--I'm sick,
or if it's just my personality.
- All right, get in here, Tom.
Let's get you taken care of.
Okay, Tom,
put this in your mouth
and make it seem like
I'm doing work.
- Okay.
- I'm actually really glad
you stopped by.
You were
on my to-do list today.
- Me? Why?
- Because I have
an announcement!
I'm getting married
to a beautiful man named Doug!
- Why are you telling me?
- This school is like family
to me, okay?
I'm inviting all
of my favorite people.
- I'm one
of your favorite people?
We've literally talked twice
about Band-Aids.
- And tell your Mom she's
gonna be in my bridal party.
We're gonna have so much fun!
- Have you guys even met?
- She's my best friend.
She's being in the wedding.
Oh, you're actually
really sick,
but I'm not dealing with that.
See ya.
- Oh wow, she really invited
the whole town.
Kevork, the plumber,
the guy who works at 7-Eleven,
my old babysitter.
- Tom, when people ask
about me,
always just say, "She's busy."
- I'm sorry.
I said she's wide open.
- And I know that's the truth
of our lives,
but don't say that.
- I shouldn't have
volunteered you
to be in someone's
bridal party.
- How do you think I feel?
I mean, I'm giving away
the bride,
and I literally don't know
her last name.
- I'm starting to feel
left out.
Am I the only person
not invited?
- Ah, no, lots of people
didn't make the cut.
I mean you...
Dakota's mom...
I don't think she invited
the Principal's bookie, Lou.
- Nope, I'm here!
I'm in charge
of pussy and booze.
What do you guys need?
- Hey, Lou.
- Is this all I represent
to you people?
A bus driver?
The guy who sits
behind the wheel
and drives the bus?
- Yep, yeah.
- Yeah, that is the definition
of a bus driver.
- Okay.
I retract the question.
- Look, I got to put
this stupid dress on.
I'll see you at the ceremony.
Don't talk to anyone, Tom.
Let's make this
a clean in and out.
- Don't talk to anyone?
- Yeah, just go sit
really still
in a corner of the lobby.
Face a wall.
- And just pretend
I can't talk?
- Yeah, you know what?
I'll give you a couple
of papers that say
"I don't know how to talk."
- All right.
Not the most fun wedding,
but sure.
All right, if anyone talks
to you, just "no habla ingles."
- How's it going, little man?
- What are you doing here?
- I'm getting married.
I'm Doug.
- Oh!
She didn't say
she was marrying
the ice cream man.
- Well, I--I think "Doug"
feels more prestigious.
You know, if you tell someone,
"I'm marrying
the ice cream man,"
it doesn't sound
like a bright future.
- So, uh... you excited?
- Not at all.
I feel like the walls
are closing in around me.
It's like my schvanz
is in a vice
and the pressure
is slowly tightening.
- Doesn't sound fun at all.
- It's not fun.
Hey, listen.
I need you to do me a favor.
I was supposed to find
a ring bearer
for this whole thing,
and I didn't.
So, can you do it?
- Me?
No, I promised my mom
we'd be in and out.
I--I can't bear any rings.
- You owe me one.
- I owe you? Why?
- You sank my truck.
You know how much it cost
to dredge that thing up?
- All right, I guess I owe you
on some level.
- This is what you've got
to learn in life.
This is good for you, actually.
This is a learning situation.
- That bachelor party
was off the hook!
At the strip club,
when she went upside down
and her hair was dragging--
- Guys! Guys! Keep it clean.
We got
a little fucking kid here.
- Oh right.
Yeah, of course-course-course.
I was saying,
I was at the strip club
when that grown woman
climbed a pole,
that--that was so much fun!
- Yeah. She really climbed
that pole good.
- That was--I'm sorry, guys.
That was the party?
You watched a lady
climb a pole?
- No, Tom, there's more to it.
There's music,
and there's lights...
- They got pretzels.
- They got
little bags of chips.
- Can I be honest with you?
You guys' stories
are kinda boring.
I might go hang out
over there with Doug.
- Please go over there.
Doug, you really
should start getting dressed.
It's almost time.
- There is a time to be born
and a time to die,
a time to plant
and a time to uproot.
That's from the Bible.
- Are you okay, Doug?
- Not really.
My life is flashing
before my eyes.
I'm like a wild stallion, Tom.
I need to run free.
- I'm not following.
What does the stallion
have to do with anything?
- I feel trapped.
I'm gonna marry this nurse
and then drive
an ice cream truck
the rest of my life?
- Sounds amazing!
But, hey, my dad was married,
and he didn't feel trapped.
He just drove off
to Myrtle Beach one day.
- Really? For how long?
- Just a...
indefinite Myrtle Beach
excursion.
- Let me get this straight.
He was married
with a kid, you...
- Yeah.
- And he said,
"I'm driving to Myrtle Beach?"
- I mean, he didn't say it
out loud.
He just took off.
He just left a note
on the fridge.
- Your dad sounds
like a legend.
- Legend?
No, no.
My mom
would disagree with that.
- Well, potato, pa-tot-oh.
This is great advice, Tom.
- Oh no, it's not "advice."
- It changes my whole outlook
on the whole thing.
- Okay.
Well, glad we talked.
- And by the way, Tom,
you still owe me six grand
for the ice cream truck.
Am I ever going to see
that money?
- You didn't get it?
I thought I mailed it.
- You know I didn't
get it, Tom.
- I clearly mailed you $6,000.
- You mailed it?
You sent it through the mail?
- Wow, you clean up nice.
- Aw! Thank you.
So do you.
- Hey, I know
I'm Tom's principal,
but is it inappropriate for me
to say
your tits look amazing
in that dress?
- No, that's cool.
I welcome it. Thank you.
- Thanks for your patience,
everyone.
We will begin shortly.
Unfortunately, we are
just waiting on the groom.
- What's going on out there?
Is he seriously running late?
- I'm sure he's milling
around somewhere.
- What the F, guys?
You were just with him.
Who saw him last?
- I saw him.
He was talking to Tom
right by the window.
- Tom...
- Sorry, Mom.
I didn't talk, though.
I mostly listened.
- Okay.
Tom, what did he say?
- Uh, just a lot
of Bible quotes.
- Bible?
Like quotes about loving me?
- Nah, it was about, uh, time
and, uh,
a lot of doomsday talk.
Something about a stallion.
- Okay, you're freaking me out.
- His schvanz in a vice.
Is that from the Bible?
- Oh, guys, wait.
There's a note.
- A note?
Let me see.
What does it say?
"I'm driving down
to Myrtle Beach
just like Tom's dad did."
- Wait. What?
- "Thanks for the advice, Tom.
You da man.
Woot, woot.
the stallion rides free."
Tom, what the fuck?
- I don't think people say
"what the fuck"
at weddings, do they?
- They do when
they're abandoned.
- All right.
Let's just go dance
and eat dinner.
What do you do now?
- Cry.
- Let's go cry and dance.
- Come on people, dance.
We're only playing
jazz standards,
so don't wait
for the Electric Slide
or something you consider
to be fun.
- Con--congratulations.
What do people say? Congrats?
- Shut up!
- Listen, I'm--I'm so--
I feel terrible.
- You should.
- Principal, say something.
- Say nothing.
Let Tom sit in the discomfort.
- All right, everybody!
the reception is starting,
and the nurse is gonna start
by cutting the cake.
Yay! Yay!...
- No, I am not!
I'm not--I'm not cutting
the cake by myself.
That's sad.
- It's a tradition, right?
- It's fun!
You cut the cake.
You eat cake.
- That does sound fun.
- Okay.
- Get to the part where you
smear it on your face, please.
- I'm not smearing it
on my face.
- Have you ever been
to a wedding?
Everybody smears cake
on their face.
- Well, normally there's
someone else
doing the smearing!
- Come on, take a deep breath.
This could be the best night
of your life.
- Smear it on your face!
Smear it on your face.
- Mom. No. Mom. Please.
Don't chant.
Smear it on your face.
- Oh my God!
This is a nightmare.
Fine.
Fine!
- All right.
At least we're having fun now!
Give her a hand.
That was--she's a good sport!
She's a good sport.
- I'm not having fun!
Hi, can I stick my head in?
I'm friends with everyone here.
- Name.
- It's probably
under "Bus Driver."
- Nope.
- Try "the" bus driver.
Under the Bs,
I've got bus mechanic...
- That's an insult.
- Bus dispatch guy...
- Another asshole.
- Bus insurance adjuster.
- Okay, prick.
- And bus door repairman.
- Bus door repairman?
- Yeah, he came in dancing
doing this whole thing
called "the bus door."
It was pretty cool.
- He's doing the bus door?
I invented the bus door!
- Oh, hey, Bus Driver.
Can we talk real quick?
- Sure. Yeah.
I wasn't going in anywhere.
- All right, listen,
I ruined the whole wedding.
It's a disaster.
The groom took off.
He's heading down the turnpike
in an ice cream truck.
We gotta go find him.
- All right,
well, let's do this!
Let's hunt it down.
- Really? That's amazing.
- I want to be part
of this wedding.
If I got to chase down and hit
the groom's ice cream truck,
I'm okay to do that.
Tom, put your seatbelt on,
because we are going 90,
and there is a very good chance
this does not end well.
- All right, just keep
your foot on the gas.
He's in a slow-moving truck.
We can catch him.
- Wait, wait!
Is that him?
- All right. Veer right.
We got him.
- I'm veering my ass off.
- Doug, slow down.
It's Tom, from the balcony.
- Ah.
Hey, little man.
What's up?
- Listen, you need
to reconsider.
You're making
a terrible mistake.
- Oh, I agree.
I should've taken the parkway.
But it's too late.
I can't turn around.
- No, it's not the mistake
I'm talking about.
I'm talking about
the wedding you bailed on.
- Nah, too late for that.
I already said
"the stallion rides free."
It'd be embarrassing
to just go back now.
- Doug, that is not a good
reason to not get married.
- When you grow up, you realize
you make life decisions
on a lot of stupid things.
- Remember that time we went
to an Italian restaurant
and then screwed on my couch?
- I do.
That was fun.
Remember the time
we went to the concert,
and we threw churros at people,
and you hit that guy
in the eye?
- That might have been
the best night of my life.
And I don't know if you
remember this, Principal,
but I have a son.
- Where is Tom, by the way?
I haven't seen him?
- I'm sure
he's around here somewhere.
I try not to be
a "helicopter mom,"
as they say.
- All right, come on,
get me closer.
I'm going in.
- This goes against
almost all
my bus driver training.
- Oh, that's dangerous.
- Look at you.
Does this look like a man
who's making
the right decision?
- Absolutely not.
- I just think you seem to like
the nurse on some level.
- I do.
- You probably don't have
many options out there.
- I don't.
- I can't imagine you're gonna
be a big hit in Myrtle Beach.
- Probably not.
- All things considered,
I think you should turn around.
- Wow.
You are a wise little man.
- All right, let's--
let's go back and get married.
Oh, hey, Bus Driver,
we're all good here.
You can go home.
- Who's that idiot?
Did we invite him?
- I've actually been meaning
to talk to you about that.
There must have been
a mix-up with the invites--
- No time to talk.
Let's turn this thing around
so I can get married.
The stallion turns back.
- You're very easily swayed.
Did anyone ever tell you that?
- It really wasn't that bad.
- Actually, arguably,
this is the worst thing that
could happen at a wedding.
- Hello everyone!
Hey! I have an announcement.
I tracked down
the ice cream man.
The wedding's back on.
- Doug?
Oh my God, thank you, Tom!
Doug, come on out here.
- Oh, bad news, guys.
He left a note...
- More notes? Come on.
"Sorry, Nurse, I bailed again.
"The half-hour alone in the car
with Tom made me realize
"I don't want to have kids.
He's got a lot of problems.
The stallion rides free.
Woot, woot."
- Woot, woot!
- Way to go, Tom.
- Are all weddings
this stressful?
Because I'm not
enjoying myself at all.
- ♪ Remember
there's more road ♪
♪ And places to go ♪
♪ Patterns to contemplate ♪
♪ More people to fornicate ♪
♪ And remember
there's a lot of good omens ♪
♪ Supplying the proof ♪
♪ That our life
is the best joke ever told ♪
♪ Remember it's a joke
and leave it alone ♪
♪ Let go and try to be
always abiding ♪
♪ Remember if there's
one good reason for dying ♪
♪ The sweet silver lining ♪
♪ Through you she lives on ♪
♪ And therein lies a truth
we can sip when we want ♪
♪ Disciples of the flow,
we can float anywhere ♪